jconf2dot
=========

A program to parse [VR Juggler][1] jconf configuration files and output
[Graphviz][2] "dot" language input, which can be parsed by the Graphviz
tools to create a human-usable map of the components and relationships
in the configuration files. VR Juggler configurations have several
layers of abstraction and indirection (devices, device proxies, proxy
aliases) and this tool can help make the relationships clearer.

Requires
--------
* Python 2.x, at least 2.5 Python 2.5 (uses `xml.etree.ElementTree` to
	parse the XML-based jconf files)

* Graphviz (dot) tools to convert the output into an image - not
	technically required but for any reasonable usage you want this.

	* Ubuntu/Debian: `sudo apt-get install graphviz`

* Additional dependencies for the minimal "jconf2pdf" wrapper script:

	* Bash shell - you probably already have this on any *nix system.
Details
-------
`jconf2dot.py` takes as parameters one or more jconf files. It prints
Graphviz ("dot") format descriptions of the relationships in the jconf
files to standard output, which you can redirect to file or pipe right
to the `dot` executable.

`jconf2pdf` is a simple shell script wrapper for jconf2dot. It passes
along its arguments to jconf2dot, pipes the output to dot, and saves a
PDF to the name of the first input file with ".pdf" appended. It's very
minimal: if you want different output, just look at it as a guide - the
"works" is really just a one-line pipeline.


Output Diagram Key
------------------

* Grey filled ovals: proxy aliases
* Outlined ovals: device proxies
* 3D Boxes: other elements, assumed to be decives
* "Egg" shapes: Users
* Dotted-bordered boxes: Elements defined in a particular file. Nesting
	of boxes shows inclusion.

Author and License
------------------
Ryan Pavlik, <rpavlik@iastate.edu> <abiryan@ryand.net>

`jconf2dot.py`, `jconf2pdf`, and `find_jconf.py` are all written by me,
and available subject to the following copyright and license:

> Copyright Iowa State University 2011
>
> Distributed under the Boost Software License, Version 1.0.
>
> (See accompanying file `LICENSE_1_0.txt` or copy at
> <http://www.boost.org/LICENSE_1_0.txt>)


[1]: http://vrjuggler.googlecode.com/ "VR Juggler"
[2]: http://www.graphviz.org/ "Graphviz"
